Is there any special scheme at this month?
Yes, sir! Bunch off!! Do you want to know?
any special scheme at this month?
Yes, sir! Bunch off!! Do you want to know?
is there any special scheme?
Bunch off sir! Do you want to know?
is there any special scheme?
Bunch off sir! Do you want to know?
scheme of this month?
Yes, sir! Bunch off!! Do you want to explore?
any scheme?
Yes, sir! Bunch off!! For more details visit here www.bankinfo.com
Yes
Al-Wadia Current Deposit 0% Mudaraba Savings Deposit (MSD) 2.00% *Mudaraba Special Notice Deposit (MSND) 2.00% (Below BDT 10 Crore) 3.00% (BDT 10 Crore and above but below BDT 50 Crore) *3.00% (BDT 50 Crore and above) *
Am I responsible for unauthorized charges if my credit cards are lost or stolen?
If you report the loss before your credit card is used, the card issuer cannot hold you responsible for any unauthorized charges. If there is unauthorized use of your card before you report it missing, the most you will owe for unauthorized charges on the card is $50. You have no liability if someone makes unauthorized charges using your credit card account number. Many cardholder agreements say you are not responsible for any charges in any of these circumstances. If you have not lost the card itself, but your account number has been stolen, you have no liability for unauthorized use.
Can a card issuer consider my gender or marital status when deciding whether to issue a credit card to me?
Card issuers cannot deny credit or offer less favorable terms on the basis of sex or marital status. Typically, card issuers may not even ask your sex on an application form, and the form has to disclose that you do not have to indicate Mr., Miss, Mrs., or Ms. on the application. There are also restrictions on asking for information about your marital status. 
Can a card issuer consider whether I receive government assistance when deciding whether to issue a credit card to me?
A card issuer cannot discriminate against you because you receive public assistance income. Like all other forms of income, the issuer can consider the likelihood that the income will continue in evaluating your creditworthiness. A card issuer may consider issues relating to, for example, whether you will continue to meet the eligibility requirements for receiving benefits.
Can I get any reduction in the interest rate I am charged on any new purchases I make using my credit card while I am on active duty?
The law only regulates the interest rate that lenders charge on amounts that you owed at the time you entered the military or were called up to active duty. If you continue to make purchases with your card while on active duty, you can be charged your regular APR on this new balance. However, your card issuer must apply towards the new balance any monthly payment you make that exceeds the minimum amount due and this will reduce the total amount of interest you pay on the card.
Can I get any reduction in the interest rate while I am on active duty?
Some credit card companies may give you a reduced interest rate on new purchases as well as on the balance you owed when you went on active duty. You should check with your credit card company to see what, if anything, it will do for you.
Can my card issuer change my credit card from a MasterCard to a Visa - or from a gas card/department store card to a MasterCard?
Yes. While the law does not permit the mailing of unsolicited cards, the card issuer can substitute one credit card for another. For example, your card issuer can send a substitute card when there is a change in the card issuer’s name, the name of the card, or the features of the card. After the substitution, only one credit account can remain active for use.
How long can the card issuer take to resolve my billing error or dispute? 
The card issuer must send you a letter stating that it has received your billing dispute within 30 days of receiving it. The card issuer must complete its investigation within two complete billing cycles, which generally means two months, and cannot take more than 90 days.
I am a service member and I have an existing credit card balance. Can I get any relief from the finance charges?                                                                                                                     
As a general matter, under the Service Members Civil Relief Act (SCRA), while you are on active duty, if you notify your creditor, the maximum interest rate you can be charged on any amount you owed before entering active-duty service is 6 percent. For this purpose, interest includes not just periodic interest charges, but also other finance charges and certain other fees, such as an annual fee, related to the debt.
I am a service member and I have an existing credit card balance. Can I get any relief from the finance charges?
For members of the full-time active-duty military, SCRA protections begin the day you enter the military. For a Reservist or Guardsman, SCRA protections begin the day you receive your mobilization orders.
I am a service member and I have an existing credit card balance. Can I get any relief from the finance charges?
To get the benefit of the SCRA, you must notify your credit card company of your active-duty status in writing because the law says that you are the one who must request the interest-rate reduction from your lender. You must send a written letter, which includes a copy of your orders, to the card issuer. Include in your letter a request that your interest rate be reduced to 6 percent while you are on active duty.
I am afraid someone has gotten hold of my account number on my credit card. What should I do?                                                                                                                                               
You should immediately notify your card issuer, close the account, and arrange to have a new account opened with a new account number.
I am tired of receiving credit card mailings. What can I do?                                                         
You can opt out of receiving certain mailings for five years by calling 1-888-567-8688 or visiting www.optoutprescreen.com. You can also opt out permanently. To complete your request, you must return the signed Permanent Opt-Out Election form, which will be provided after you initiate your online request. If you opt out, card issuers will not be able to get your name from a credit reporting agency.
I am tired of receiving phone calls asking me to apply for a credit card. Is this legal? What can I do?                                                                                                                                       
Card issuers can call you about applying for a credit card, unless you have registered your phone number with the National Do Not Call Registry or have notified the particular card issuer to stop calling you. You can register your phone number with the National Do Not Call Registry by calling 1-888-382-1222.
I just learned that my card issuer has closed my account without giving me any notice. Can they do that? What can I do?                                                                                                                 
Card issuers generally can close an account without giving you notice. You should call your card issuer to see what you can do.
I let the card issuer know I was closing my account. They are still charging me interest. Can they do that?                                                                                                                              
If you still have a balance when you close your account, you are still obligated to pay at least the minimum amount and the card issuer can still charge interest on the amount you owe.
I made a payment last month, but the bill I just received says that I did not make the payment. What should I do?                                                                                                               
You should let your card issuer know. While you can call the card issuer, in order to protect your rights, you must send a written notice to the card issuer. You should follow the instructions on your statement. Note that the address to which you should send this notice is generally different from the payment address.
I made a payment last month, but the bill I just received says that I did not make the payment. What should I do?                                                                                                               
Once you have given notice, you do not have to pay the amount in dispute while the card issuer is investigating. You also cannot be required to pay interest or other charges relating to the disputed amount. If you pay the entire part of the bill that is undisputed on time, the card issuer cannot treat your payment as late and must assume that you have paid your full balance in determining how much you owe next month.
I made a payment last month, but the bill I just received says that I did not make the payment. What should I do?                                                                                                               
If the card issuer determines that you are correct, the charge should be removed from your bill. If the card issuer determines that you are incorrect and the bill is correct, the card issuer must notify you of the reasons for its decision and let you know how much you owe and when your payment is due.
I mailed my payment four days before it was due, but the card issuer says it was late. What can I do?                                                                                                                                      
Under the law, a card issuer cannot treat a payment as late if it was received by 5 p.m. on the day that it was due. If the due date was not a day on which the issuer receives mail (for example, a holiday), the issuer cannot treat the payment as late if it was received by 5 p.m. on the next business day. Sometimes payments that you make may get delayed in the mail. Card issuers consider the day the payment was received and not the date it was mailed. You should contact your card issuer and see if the late fee can be waived.
I noticed that the interest rate on my card went up last month without any notice. Can they do that?  
Your card issuer generally must give you 45 days’ advance notice before it raises your interest rate on new purchases; there are additional rules that restrict when the card issuer can raise your rate on your existing balance. This does not apply if you had an introductory rate (such as a low rate on balance transfers) which expired, or if you have a variable rate and the index to which your rate is tied (for example, the U.S. Prime Rate) has increased.
I paid my bill on time last month and still was charged a late fee. How can that be?
You should check with your card issuer to find out why you were charged a late fee and ask if you can be excused from paying this fee. You cannot be charged a late fee if you paid at least the minimum amount due and your payment was received by 5:00 p.m. (in the time zone where payments should be received) on the date it was due.
I paid bills of time last month but charged a late fee. How can that be? 
If you pay less than the minimum amount or if you do not mail your payment to the correct address, you may be charged a late fee.
